pimish power and
again they said he
calling their attention to the standing committee rule
to the effect that there have been no audible manifestations of approval or
disapproval of any kind any time from the audience.
The uniformed officers in the room and the plain
close people scattered to the audience have instructions from the committee
to remove firmly committee room immediately
politely but firmly any of you who for reasons best known to yourself
elect to violate the conditions under which you enter the room
which included to refrain entirely from any audible manifestations of approval or
disapproval certainly no committee can expect better cooperation
from audiences that we have had and we hope that that cooperation will continue
at the conclusion of the afternoon session yesterday
you were interrupted about 15 minutes before
a normal recess time by a roll call vote on the senate floor.
Senator Jackson had a short tour you left of his
time and go round and advise me that he will yield at
four minutes this morning to Senator Simonton and we will start with
Sunday Simonton this morning and that will take us to Senator
Bush act if he is here then the Senator McCarty's
and the Mr. Welch's then we'll start to go round
up Senator Simonton thank you Mr. Chairman I
was yielded in the interest of expediting the hearings and giving the
how the people of chance to examine the witness especially the army
I have no questions at this time but I would like to make a motion to
submit to the committee if I may.
I'm looking over the transfer of these hearings for the last two days
I found that when Mr. Cohn was first asked about turning the name
to 130 or 135 subverses in defense plans
over to the defense department both Mr. Cohn and Senator McCarty
felt that the defense department already knew these names.
Now yesterday it appeared that the defense department did not know these names
or at least that Senator McCarty and Mr. Cohn did not know whether the
defense department had them or not.
I share the feeling which was expressed here so vividly on the day
that it is a serious and dangerous thing to permit any subversives to continue
working in defense plans on defense contracts for one minute longer than we can
help. I myself do not propose to stand by
oddly one day or one hour while the name of any of these subversives which may
not be known to the government investigating agencies
dressed in our file. I do not believe that any member of this committee
would want any one of these names to remain in our files
when they are not known to the defense department
to the Department of Justice and the FBI. It is our duty in my opinion
whenever we have the name of a person whom we have reason to suspect
as a security risk and who may be working in any defense installation
to say that this name is immediately communicated to the proper enforcement agency.
For these reasons Mr. Chalman, I now move that the staff of this committee
and each member of the committee be instructed by this committee to immediately
turn over the name of any suspected communist or security risk
to the Department of Justice and the FBI. Whether such communist or
security risk is working in the defense department
in any defense plan or anywhere in the federal government.
I so move Mr. Chalman.
Chairman of our question. Motion is an amazing second. Mr. Chalman,
I would say I have a tremendous time and dual of these
and credit to our colleagues who told me this morning
that two of them are on the appropriations committee with the Dean marked up
asking the FBI. He wishes, he has any notice that anybody was going to make any motion
that said that had not been so I'm sure that from the time it has been
effective on the V-Wish point. So I have to leave Mr. Chalman to do.
So I had to leave a notice that now we're not doing that.
That's a very rare request. I'm sure he will keep it up in the table when they come
with a gaction on. So I ask the chair that he will bring you down when he thinks
it's proper. Chalman, Mr. Chalman. We'll do that.
We got all from the time incident.
I, at this time, have a battle pass and send the party. You can head your 10 minutes.
Head you now. Send the joint practice senator to the very
scenario of marketing up the appropriation bill.
So I don't think I'm a party here. It's like, Mr. Wilk, you've gotten to
your right smart test this morning. You have some minutes.
Cold.
I first want to take up a preliminary matter with you in a truly preliminary way.
You know what you call it? So we fall. Start a fall into the customer of asking people
about their military records when they take the stand.
And then it'll get some at least open up that subject with you.
Listen, and I understand you're now an officer in the National Guard.
Listen, Mr. Corn, there have I think been some articles published about
you and your vast standards of the Q&A have become aware of their not.
So I would say that articles have published about me and just about everything.
Right. Now, I do not wish to end it to you, sir, that I associate myself with
in you. I know you're a colleague from a human right to have this opportunity.
Yes sir. I have an opportunity during these hearings simply and quietly to say for
the records what your status has been and is. Yes sir.
I know you can say that and I assume you would probably like to have a file available
when you do so. Would you not? A file for us yet that is to say a file of your
relations with your draft board and with wet point about what's the
number of records I have. Well, I don't think I need a file sorry.
Another fact. Do you sir?
Yes. So that's that.
I think I feel happier about it, Mr. Corn.
If we first told it until you forget your file,
we're looking at it from this week, Mrs. Chrysler.
I would feel very much happier if I could just pass a button and have you
now restore it without any prompting ready questions from me.
You can see how I might feel that way one lawyer through another cancer sir.
Of course sir, I don't want to answer any question when they understand that.
And I hope I don't ask any. I hope you will see a little before we leave the
little end of it. That you will consult your file or bring it to the
space band with you if you need to move.
Read a letter off to let's put your whole story at the end of what everyone
will show. I just get back with you my answer.
Sure. I need to.
And that will be the perhaps the staff's new or Monday if your
file is elsewhere than washed and the vice is think was likely.
Sure.
May I deal just very shortly with one other matter so that you will understand
that matter.
You are asked about being a partner in a law firm in New York.
That's right.
May I make it clear to you sir that I am in Northon
critical of you on that story?
Is that clear?
Well thank you sir.
And may I add I am perhaps the real Indians in the sense that I would have
liked to achieve that as young as you are the teeth that for the
two weeks of the now.
I did want to ask you that when did you first join that firm?
I take it strike that out.
I take it that when you first joined that firm or associated yourself with it.
The name was different than it's now the case is that right?
Yes it was.
That is the same as your phone.
I understood that you went there first day as employee or junior or something
of that sort.
That's right.
And what was the firm name name?
Kern and Cephan.
Kern see you are.
And when did you join us?
Or when did you go there to talk to you?
I think it was 1949 or 1950.
Then what was the next name that that firm had to?
It's President Wonder what does it mean to me here?
No sir.
I think the next name wasn't present.
I don't think there are any other names.
And that you stated once before and I'm sure it is the
no this courtesy to you to ask you this stated again.
The time comes from a honing.
Time comes from a state and then.
Yes.
And I happen to know this kind of fund that they have to say
in downtown Broadway.
Yeah downtown New York 29 Broadway.
On Broadway at number 29.
When did you become a partner in this firm?
So I have to check that to get you to say it important.
I got an ink and an acrylic with my ink.
I can get that for you.
So father, do I mean just the summer's near?
What would you say now?
I would say a couple years ago.
A couple years ago.
So the time you are coming on to this
committee of council you were able to and did you of that firm
full time.
By Mr.
How have you are coming to this committee of council?
Did you give that firm full time or you were where you
dealt with or you were in government service anyway?
Oh, I'm not sorry.
I don't know if you've heard the answers.
Like if you sent an ejection.
I heard them sir but I didn't remember them.
I should surely.
No, I have been associated with that firm since about 1950.
At that time I was with the department of justice before I was
associated with that firm.
I was associated with another firm.
In other words, ever since I've been admitted to the far
I have been associated with one or another law firm.
There have been a total of two.
I have given those law firms a very small portion of my time.
I've given the great majority of my time to govern.
Sir, I've tried to understand that.
I was letting Mr.
Cohen if there was any period during the time since you have
been a partner in that firm that you were in a position to
get the firm full time.
No.
Now on the other hand, I have not I think fully understood
until I reach this courtroom that you are supposed to and do
give at least full time and perhaps more than full time
to this committee.
Sir, well, maybe that was a question you didn't understand.
When I reached this courtroom, I didn't actually
understand that you were either required to or did
you all in good time to this committee.
That is a requirement, is that right?
Well, I don't know that it's a requirement.
Or I do know what I do.
Right, and I was going to say you not only give,
let's say seven hours a day up after warriors day or eight hours,
but I gather from your testimony even more than that.
Yes, sir.
I think there are times, not I am not in the clearest by myself on this.
I think every staff member works nice and Saturday
for Sundays very frequently.
Very frequently.
Do you go to your New York office now and then?
Very frequently, sir.
Meaning not once a month or a while, I say I haven't been there
two or three months now.
When I was there before that I might go and maybe once a month
I think it's you.
What about you?
Yes, I think that.
I don't know if there's no question about your rank.
What's the most common number one to defend
much more than the average day of working with this committee.
Number two, he has a great show allow us to
unify views as New York office for the touching of phone calls.
What have you had no cost to the committee?
Senator, I was not the destiny that he didn't give completely
full union hours and more to this committee.
You do ask him to have a secretary in New York first.
No, sir, I don't have a personal check.
Well, there's at least a staff office.
No, there are three very capable girls.
One man to switch forward and another one.
The other two take dictations.
For one last time, would you use that?
Not the last time, but I will.
I thought we had a
front of a mutual agreement with the China stick to the issues
and I don't want to interrupt.
I think we're taking more time than allowing you to pursue the
irrelevant material.
But for what Mr.
Cohen's law does, I can see if the relevant team
supply the Army charges are concerned.
If you want to pursue that, it's all right with the need.
The rule is, it's only in my thought, we're going to get
good results.
I'm dealing with it very lightly, Senator.
There, there.
Now, turning it to you, for a moment, Mr. Shion,
here in New York office, our pilot, Shion,
is the now-known living out.
Yes, sir.
And where is that?
Park Avenue and 57th Street.
And that's it.
What is the name on the door of that all?
The name on the door?
Yes, it's called the Office of the Hotel.
But I say he has an office.
I think he and his father have an office, whoever is there,
he's the best.
And I'm suggesting no slightest in the class.
The I assume you were, but he has been significantly
done the saddle.
They are.
And they just are.
And there is some kind of a staff there.
Yes, sir.
And I think it appears there never is
from the letter of the supply of the world
that he has a secretary at that age.
Well, as a secretary, I don't know.
He's exclusively his servant.
There is a secretary there.
I know that.
Now, I want to turn the clock back, so to speak,
to the time when you joined this committee,
and when Mr. Shireen joined.
As to actual dates of arrival,
when did you arrive and hang up your hat and go to work?
Yes.
I thought only if that they served.
It occurs to me it was, I'd say about the second week in January
in 1950, first or second week of January,
6-07 something like that.
1953, of course.
Yes.
And I have been saying this to Cohn that, in length, I tell you
otherwise that a date seems to me or some important
to fix it critically.
Then we'll give a talk to whether it's the first week of the
second I'll just go to the whole.
On this one's like this, generally, one's that half.
Yes sir.
So that will be either, I need a little note,
probably second week in January,
something like that, and that, right?
Yes, that's right.
Five to 6-07 something like that.
And you came to the committee, I just keep counsel.
Yes sir.
Did you come from, um,
had all the two of the legal facts in the other law,
our lawyer?
Yes sir.
And when was the very first one at it?
I don't know, so I'd have to check the record.
I want to get on that paper well with you.
Time to inspire our witnesses on after the question
with you.
Have any of you may ask it out?
Did you have to be the last question?
No, that is no longer an off to get up.
It's a very long time.
Uh, Chancellor Jenkins, have you ever any questions?
Chairman, I have only one or two questions.
There's Cohn at this time.
The school next to the morning,
I asked these two bring to the conference room
at the earliest possible moment.
And fire was a committee.
The documents, the data, the memorandum,
prepared by Mr. Chains,
had three different periods.
You will recall that today, like Mr. Johnson.
I'll ask you whether or not you now have that information
available.
Also, we make some progress on that private
Chains work on that during yesterday.
We looked at it again last night.
And I think that, uh, we have to show it to Senator McCawsey again.
We now have it in three tentative stacks.
And I hope we will have it for you, sir, by Monday morning.
By Monday morning, yes, sir.
And you recall that to be furnished in three different types of
three checks.
That's the way we're trying to do it.
I had understood that there's a Cohn and
that perhaps the only source though that you have that
prepared and ready to fire this morning.
And let it be ready to leave.
I'm going to tell you the I.S.
Plane information that he's been saying.
Yesterday morning, I asked Mr. Cohn to continue his work in the
preparation of all the data to talk to him,
the memorandum, the papers prepared by Mr.
Shine during three distinct days of this,
the days from the time that he came to the committees
for the first to be left.
The days from the early prior July to November 3rd
of the eighties and the days in the afternoon.
The days just go up to the date of his
induction on November 3rd.
And the future is the latter
quite for the patient.
The purpose of the questions,
Senator Simon, convenes to the
maybe his committee to determine Tom that's made of him.
The amount of work done by Mr.
Shine during the new day and weekend
is in the far as the work is reflected
by the data call.
I thank the Capitol.
Yes.
Sure.
I have no other questions with Chairman.
The chair will pass his time
as far as expecting the colonist concern,
because he would like to expedite the
machine.
He would enable Mr. Welsh to get out with his
questioning in the graph of his possible.
But he has a question,
which he would like to ask either Mr. Welsh or
Mr. Jenkins.
He called yesterday when a manor
had phone call conversation with red by
Senator Jackson.
There was a follow-up of an Emma Carl
mentioned there a couple of times,
which he
includes must have done the
president chairman of this committee.
And so he would like to have his
monitored conversations, whatever they are,
incorporated in the record.
And I would like to ask council
Jenkins the question first, whether
he or Mr. Maynard or any of the staff
held my monitor's conversations here,
and if they'll they can be made available to me.
Chairman, we are ready and now
have them to the chair.
The question number two is
another letter asked, and Mr. Welsh,
I have one, two, three, four pages
of monitor's conversations here
are the all the Mr. Stevens.
That's all the Mr. Stevens.
There's also well-thinking for Mr. Stevens
have any objection if I now need
my monitor's conversations in a letter.
The answer is no, but I would like to add
something that I say, who I do that
as you know Mr. Chairman.
We have two levels of
monitor telephone calls.
There is the telephone calls
between the secretary of office
and members of this committee.
It is these two secretary Stevens
and to me that is the only
great thing to do in respect of those
quantifiers from what happens
to any other monitor's calls.
It's to say as a same echo in
the absence of any senator.
Senator Jackson has exercised his
option as obviously as now that he
wishes to exercise yours.
And beyond that area,
we are in a situation where
then a democracy and I have
apparently a doable
different kind.
I want
either down in this room by starting
to put in in chronological order
the telephone call, the monitor's
telephone call, the limited needs.
And we ended up by a formula
signed by Mr. Stevens and Adams
under which they agree that all
telephone calls between the parties
may go inevitable.
In just a certain amount of
I think his position and I ought not
to try to say this for him,
but I think his position is that
unless we have all the telephone calls
at every level between members
of the executive department,
that for example, as I've heard
mentioned off on this between
secretary Stevens and law.
No, not to go with.
We know what Mr.
Jenkins and I know, I think we know what
the effects of very specific
or directed is in that area.
So I have in this situation
where I want in evidence
all telephone calls
that can go in evidence.
Or if we can't have all of those,
I don't think that I want part of them
just as I understand
Senator Maccassi just saying that if he
can't have all
telephone conversations in every area,
he doesn't want any.
So the statement to out in position again
with his easy freedom as a chairman.
It is that any senator is
including that jury and formal
as yourself has the option to put any
telephone calls with the secretary's office
or with Mr. Adams as well.
Outside that area,
I do not want a sort of a sliding option
by which a monitor call
keeps going in without
stomach standing between the
senator and me as to whether
or go in or not.
Is that fair?
I am aware that the judges are making
for you Mr. Wilkinson, that's an action
which
occurred to him this morning while shaving,
which may be helpful, I don't know.
Puzzling as I have frequently about what we can do
to make this deadlocked about telephone calls,
believing that the main difficulty of
the part of it to call the Mr.
and send him a crappy theme to be that they
want to be called that they know
or made in no amount of it between
Steven's and Adams and Steven's
dealing with the
rotten situations.
And perhaps a call which may
remain out of the monarchy
between rotten and
Steven's or rotten and
Adam, it appears to be
shared that if you were to ask
your client, Mr.
Steven's and Mr. Adam,
in turn, you request
to attorney general Brownel,
that he sort of be classified or
include out from the executive order,
so particularly at all,
we would then be able to ask Senator McCarthy
and Mr. Cohn the direct question
now that these calls are available.
To have specifically requested,
do you approve of putting in
all the solid and chronological order
in conformity with the McClellan
emotion, that's the suggestion I'm my part
on, that's kind of
with you on this spot, we're all
thinking out loud,
trying to find a formula,
and it would seem to me that
both Mr. Steven's and Mr. Adam
should be represent us about trying
to get those calls in,
because they want the other calls in.
And I think if he would make that effort,
it might be helpful.
Mr. Cohn,
I do really trust him directly
that, but to me, I'm sure, well,
Mr. Cohn, may I say that
as far as any calls with
the New York concern,
I can see no objections
that I can put them in record.
I think it might be,
I tell you the thing,
if all of these conifers now
with a green tab there,
monitors calls put in the record,
I have them likely to serve
here by the fact that
quite a while, my Republican colleague
has testified on the rules
in regards to the conversations
with Mr. Adam and Mr. Steven's
by democrat colleagues
and not yet gotten to that point.
I think in monitors calls,
it might be well-mouthing
of all the center's calls
to the unincluding mine.
Now, as far as Mr. Adam and Mr. Cohn
have concerned,
as I recall, I mean Mr. Cohn,
Mr. Carerson,
I understand with that,
he had no monetary calls
with Mr. Cohn.
I find, and
suspecting the matter with,
counseled my staff
that there are no monetary calls
of Mr. Car
until the day after I refuse
to exceed Mr. Adam's demand
to call off the hearing.
That's any comments to call Mr. Car
constantly?
Mr. Cohn of that time had already refused
to have any conversations with Mr.
Adam.
He now agrees that he shuddered
and viewed the Mr.
representation being made
about his conversations.
So before I would advise Mr. Car,
may I have the chair's attention
that before I would advise Mr. Car
on this matter,
and view the fact
the phone conversation started
Senator McCollum,
I wonder if I could have the chair's attention
on this.
Before I would advise Mr. Car,
on what he should do about those phone calls,
view the fact that it doesn't start
until after the day the blackmail failed,
I would want to see how self-serving they are.
There's obviously a purpose
in his starting to call Mr. Car,
monitoring the calls of day after the blackmail
attempt failed not before that.
However, as far as my phone calls are concerned,
I have no objection having him put in.
I think it was the last day of the day.
I hope they think of all of the
centers right now this morning.
Would say that Mr.
Jenkins go ahead and put into the record
all of the phone calls with senators.
But, Car, is that kind of you?
Is there any of these other
senators in position of really one thing
or another, but he feels that
since his name was mentioned in the
monitor's call that was read,
since the chair has said from the very beginning,
he expected to find the way if he possibly could
they have his own personal monitor
calls put in because he was quite surprised
if they had been monitored.
He's never done the
been honored by having a telephone call
with his monitor before by anybody.
And he'd been kind of curious to know how it looks
and how it sounds.
He thinks other people have the same curiosity.
So he expects to read his into the record.
Each senator will have to discover himself
according to his own desire to know
intention is suggesting other senators what they do.
The chair would say one other thing
from him at the LSE is incorrect in his memory.
He believes Mr. Adams justifying
you under oath says,
that his calls were not monitored.
He'd be talking about calls made from Mr. Adams.
I doubt whether it calls between
Adams and any of the other three we pose for a monitor.
We find we find the were monitored
and then the federal
semester Adams may ask me.
I was under the same impression.
I thought that he had sworn under
oath that none of his calls were monitored.
I was very surprised to find monitored calls
in Mr. Adams, Mr. Caragel over and checking the record.
I find that apparently he was referring only to
monitored calls Mr. Cohen,
that he said none was Mr. Cohen or monitored.
I see.
But very well,
Sheryl has seen any of the mannered calls
that he doesn't know.
He doesn't call the records.
Yes, sir.
Tell him.
Okay.
Chad, I'm sending the call.
Mr. Chairman, I remind you,
and the other members of the committee,
they guessed the morning,
monitor calls came up and we were discussing it
before Senator Gargison
faced his calls in the record.
I announced that my calls were going
in before the hearing concluded.
I did not place my calls in the record yet to do
because that was no proper or legal way
to do that that time.
I now call your attention to the fact that
the proceedings here in our proposing are irregular.
In that few placing, these monitor calls in the record
without them being unloaded, without them being shown
to any signs of conflict of testimony.
Most part of the record would not be unloaded,
then back when we could not prosecute anyone
for a period.
And at the end so far,
as these monitor calls have been in the record in this practice,
the order to make the proceedings proper,
illegal,
firm-ever-spamble,
technical and otherwise,
I think it advisable to immediately call
a gentleman who's got the name Lucas,
who looks at Lucas,
who monitored the calls,
who made these notes and placed him on the stand
and placed these monitors record with calls.
I know so that they will be legal testimony
before the submitting.
That will must do so in order to make the proceedings legal.
In order to make some proper,
I am moved that we immediately
call for the proceedings of Mr. Lucas
and that this witness be temporarily removed
from the stand and Mr. Lucas be placed there
to testify and move
through these monitor calls and we're using that.
If you'll do that,
I'll be the first one, the last of mine.
I'm going to place him in the record.
Our water place is in the record legally,
and with all the force and effect of sworn testimony.
I do not want the place in the record
unless I have to end the fascism that's now being proposed.
So I'm moved to gentlemen.
That immediately.
We call Mr. Lucas
the first to file a role with respect
for these records of monitor calls.
But you are before you pass on the motion,
I want to make one other observation.
There is this statement here
and I assume it's active.
That there are monitor calls between Mr. Adams
and Mr. Steven
part is to this conversation.
Mr. Chairman, there is no further
than should erected.
That prevents those calls from going in this record
so far as I know.
Unless the Lucas should be called here
and required to produce those monitor calls
because I understand the Army can't see them.
If you not consider, is that monitor?
I think Mr. Wittler is not here.
That monitor in the heat of the existing world
who was yesterday, he confused the executive right
to include those specifically.
There are Mr. Chairman, I don't care what
the construction place on that order has
but between the principle books of this counter-versus
there is no executive order what to find.
This committee accepted his thought.
It is a conversation as to extraneous matter.
You've got them set here in Sustafide
there to say Adams and Steven's
what each told the other.
And certainly you can get it in a monitor
called, I shall see a slip-row fit.
In a decision of this committee or in a party,
for these proceedings I would undertake to keep the monitor
involved between Adams and Steven's out of this record.
Where in part of the grand,
Mr. Chairman, I've got a motion before you,
that I'll have action on this.
I will proceed.
Back up my distinguished colleague, Senator McClellan,
I think very clearly
an info bar as there are telephone calls
between the principles of this counter-versus.
Whether there within the army
or between the army and the hill,
that those telephone calls
are going to the record.
On the ordinary circumstances,
the executive order might have flopped,
but I feel that the exact...
...